
This README file explains what the various files are in this
directory, and which ones you might want to edit or copy in order to
build NCL and/or NCAR Graphics on your system.

If you see a file that needs correction, or if you want to add
a configuration file of your own, post a message to ncarg-talk
or ncl-talk:

  http://mailman.ucar.edu/mailman/listinfo/ncl-talk
  http://mailman.ucar.edu/mailman/listinfo/ncarg-talk

----------------------------------------------------------------------

AIX_RS6000 - This is the configuration file used for an
   AIX system. Edit this file if you need to change compilation
   options before building on an AIX system. It compiles in 64-bit
   mode by default.  Look at the AIX_RS6000.32 file for information
   on how to build in 32-bit format.

AIX_RS6000.64 - Similar to the AIX_RS6000 file; slightly different
   compile options.

AlphaOSF1 - This is the configuration file used for a Compaq/OSF
   system. We haven't build NCL or NCAR Graphics on one of these
   in awhile, so we can't guarantee that the file is up-to-date.

CYGWIN - This is the configuration file used to build on a
   Windows/Cygwin system.  Edit this file if you need to change
   compilation options before building on an Window/Cygwin system.

Cray - This is the configuration file used to build on a Cray. This
   file is old and was only ever tested for NCAR Graphics.

DECRISC - This is the configuration file used to build on a
   DECRISC system. This file is old and was only ever tested for NCAR
   Graphics.

Darwin - This is the configuration file used to build on a
   Mac PPC (not Intel) system.  Edit this file if you need to change
   compilation options before building on an MacOSX/non-Intel system.

Darwin.absoft - This is a sample configuration file for building
   on a Mac PPC system using the Absoft compilers. Use this
   file only as a reference; make the changes to the Darwin file.
   This file hasn't been used in awhile and may be out-of-date.

Darwin_Intel -  This is the configuration file used to build on a
   Mac Intel system, using the gcc/g95 compilers.  Edit this file if
   you need to change compilation options before building on an
   MacOSX/Intel system.

FreeBSD - This is the configuration file used to build on a
   FreeBSD system.

HPUX_snake - This is the configuration file used to build on an
   HP system. Edit this file if you need to change compilation
   options before building on an HP system.

LINUX - This is the configuration file used to build on a
   LINUX system (i386, i686, x86_64). Use the other Linux.xxx
   files as guidelines for making changes to this file, depending
   on what kind of compilers and options you want to use.
   Edit this file if you need to change compilation options before
   building on a LINUX system.

LINUX.32.PGI -  This is a sample configuration file used to build on a
   LINUX 32-bit system using the PGI compilers.  Use this file as a
   reference only;  make the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.64.GNU -  This is a sample configuration file used to build on a
   LINUX 64-bit system using the GNU compilers.  Use this file as a
   reference only; make the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.64.INTEL - This is a sample configuration file used to build on
   a LINUX 64-bit system using the Intel compilers.  Use this file as
   a reference only; make the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.64.PGI - This is a sample configuration file used to build on a
   LINUX 64-bit system using the PGI compilers.  Use this file as a
   reference only; make the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.GNU - This is a sample configuration file used to build on a
   LINUX system using the GNU compilers; this file should be very
   similar to the LINUX file.  Use this file as a reference only; make
   the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.IA64.INTEL - This is a sample configuration file used to build
  on an Itanium LINUX system using the Intel compilers; this file
  should be very similar to the LINUX file.  Use this file as a
  reference only; make the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.INTEL - This is a sample configuration file used to build on
  a LINUX system using the Intel compilers.  Use this file as
  reference only; make the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.PGI - This is a sample configuration file used to build on a
   LINUX system using the PGI compilers.  Use this file as a
   reference only; make the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.ppc32.GNU - This is a sample configuration file used to build on
  a 32-bit ppc LINUX system using the GNU compilers.  Use this file as
  a reference only; make the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.ppc32.GNU - This is a sample configuration file used to build on
  a 32-bit ppc LINUX system using the GNU compilers.  Use this file as
  a reference only; make the changes to the LINUX file.

LINUX.ppc64.xl - This is a sample configuration file used to build on
  a 64-bit ppc LINUX system using the XL compilers.  Use this file as
  a reference only; make the changes to the LINUX file.

LinuxLib - No need to modify this file.

Makefile.ini - No need to modify this file.

Project - You shouldn't need to modify this file.

README_YMAKE - A README file on some of the variables used
  in the ymake system. Not very useful except for people who
  really know this stuff.

Rules - No need to modify this file

SGILib - No need to modify this file

SGI_IRIX - This is the configuration file used for an SGI
   IRIX system. Edit this file if you need to change compilation
   options before building on an SGI system. It compiles in 64-bit
   mode by default.  Look at the SGI_IRIX.n32 file for information
   on how to build in n32-bit format.

SGI_IRIX.n32 - See SGI_IRIX above. Use this file only as a reference;
  edit the SGI_IRIX file instead.

Site - No need to modify this file

Site.local - This file gets created when you run ./Configure.

SolarisPC - This is the configuration file used for a little endian
  system running Solaris X86.  Edit this file if you need to change
   compilation options before building on a Solaris X86 system.
   For building on a Sun system, see the Sun4Solaris file.

Sun3 - This is an old configuration file that probably should never
  be needed. See Sun4Solaris instead.

Sun4 - This is also an old configuration file that probably should never
  be needed. See Sun4Solaris instead.

Sun4Solaris - This is the configuration file used for a Sun system
  running Solaris. Edit this file if you need to change
   compilation options before building on a Sun system.
   See SolarisPC for building on a Solaris X86 system.

SystemV - This is a generic configuration file to use as a reference
  only.

Template - No need to modify this file.

YDLINUX - This is the configuration file used for a system running
  Yellow Dog Linux. It hasn't been used in awhile, so it may be
  out-of-date.

callconv - This is an old file used at one time. I don't think it
  is used anymore.

fcpp - This is an old file used at one time. I don't think it
  is used anymore.

ldrel - I believe this file was only needed for Cray builds.

yMakefile - no need to modify this file.

ymake - The file that is executed to see if it recognizes
  your system. You may need to edit this file if your system
  isn't recognized by the NCL/NCARG build system.

ymake-filter.c - No need to modify this file.

ymake-install - No need to modify this file.

ymkmf - No need to modify this file. It is used to help
  generate the Makefiles in every directory.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
